online retail store
Survey:
1. I Should Provide the insight that will be valuable to CEO and CMO for business.
2. The business is performing well and I need to find what is the major contribution on that performance so paste down that we will plan for next year.
3. So he's planning to expand his business seeking in to areas where Business performing well.
4. The meeting with CEO and CMO is scheduled for next month so I need to draw the relevant analytics and insights which help to evaluate the current business performance and give suggestions metrics or make decisions.
5. So they're telling to think about both qualitatively and quantitatively. 


TASK 1: (The questions to be asked for CEO and CMO)
CEO-Oriented Analysis:

Profitability trends over time (Revenue = Quantity × UnitPrice)
Customer lifetime value (repeat purchases by CustomerID)
High-return product lines
Country-level revenue expansion opportunities

CMO-Oriented Analysis:

Top-performing products by volume and revenue
Customer segmentation based on purchase behavior
Time-of-day or seasonal trends for campaigns
Regional preferences and tailoring of marketing campaigns


TASK 2: Understanding which type of charts on graphs to be used on scenarios.



TASK 3: Now I need to find the best visualization charts which fit my questions and solve that questions so that I can tell the story How it works.
(Now I need to find the perfect visualization and submit to senior manager) 
They gave some Question So now I need to Draw Insight before that i need to Data cleanup 

Question 1
Here you would need to create a line chart and place the invoice date on the x-axis and the
revenue on the y-axis. In order to calculate the revenue, you would need to multiply Quantity by
Unit Price. Once the revenue field is calculated, you can use it to view the trend of revenue.
Please make sure to set the granularity of the data to each month and only provide data for the
year 2011. Guidance on how to create the line chart is provided in the resources section.
Question 2
In order to attempt this question, you would need to create a side-by-side bar chart. There
would be two bars for each country which would represent the revenue and quantity for each
region. Please make sure that you add the filter to only show the top 10 countries by revenue.
You would also need to ensure that you exclude the United Kingdom from the visual. Guidance
on how to create the side-by-side chart is provided in the resources section.
Question 3
You would need to create a column chart or a vertical bar chart where each bar would represent
the revenue generated by the customers. You would need to add a filter to only display the top
10 customers. The customers will be identified from the field “CustomerID”. Make sure that the
customers who do not have any customer IDs are excluded from the visual. Finally, sort the
customers in descending order based on the total revenue generated. Guidance on how to
create the column/vertical bar chart is provided in the resources section.
Question 4
You would need to create a map chart here as the map chart would allow the CEO to view the
entire map of the world and it will highlight each country and show the total number of units sold
or the name of the country. You would need to filter out the United Kingdom from the data as it is
not needed in this visual. Make sure that the name of the country or the total units sold is visible
for each country. Guidance on how to create the map chart is provided in the resources section.


Task 4 : Making an storytelling ability by self we need to record and tell what's going on that data and what can feature developments we can bring with that data visualization.







What I learned :
What is a business success metric?
A business success metric is a quantifiable measurement that business leaders track to see if their strategies are working effectively. Success metrics are also known as key performance indicators (KPIs). There is no one-size-fits-all success metric; most teams use several different metrics to determine success. 


Why are business success metrics important to track?
Connect work to goals
Assess strategy efficacy
Make data-driven decisions
Identify weak points in your strategy